Adds a template task and docs (#306)
PyTorchLightning/lightning-flash: docs/source/template/task.rst

.. _contributing_task:

********
The Task
********

Once you've implemented a Flash :class:`~flash.core.data.data_module.DataModule` and some backbones, you should implement your :class:`~flash.core.model.Task` in `model.py <https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/lightning-flash/blob/master/flash/template/classification/model.py>`_.
The :class:`~flash.core.model.Task` is responsible for: setting up the backbone, performing the forward pass of the model, and calculating the loss and any metrics.
Remember that, under the hood, the Flash :class:`~flash.core.model.Task` is simply a :any:`pytorch_lightning:lightning_module` with some helpful defaults.

> Task

Reviewer: we dont need this title

^^^^

> You can override the base :class:`~flash.core.model.Task` or any of the existing :class:`~flash.core.model.Task` implementations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To build your task, you can strat by overriding the base :class:`~flash.core.model.Task` or any of the existing :class:`~flash.core.model.Task` implementations.
```

For example, in our scikit-learn example, we can just override :class:`~flash.core.classification.ClassificationTask` which provides good defaults for classification.

You should attach your backbones registry as a class attribute like this:

.. code-block:: python

> 

Reviewer: add the task class so people understand the relationship and how to set this

    backbones: FlashRegistry = TEMPLATE_BACKBONES

> In the :meth:`~flash.core.model.Task.__init__`, you will need to configure defaults for the:

Reviewer: Maybe add a title:

Model Architecture and parameters
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

- loss function
- optimizer
- metrics
- backbone / model

You will also need to create the backbone from the registry and create the model head.
Here's the code:

.. literalinclude:: ../../../flash/template/classification/model.py
    :language: python
    :dedent: 4
    :pyobject: TemplateSKLearnClassifier.__init__

> You should also override the ``{train,val,test,predict}_step`` methods.

Reviewer: add a title

Add model routines
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> The default ``{train,val,test,predict}_step`` implementations in :class:`~flash.core.model.Task` expect a tuple containing the input and target, and should be suitable for most applications.

Reviewer: what is the input here? be more specific
